The Joe Rogan experience. She had the COVID. She had it,
she got it over. She, she kicked it.
It's surprise more comics.
Didn't get it the way we're shaking hands and meeting people after shows. Um,
yeah, I saw my, I got, my wife, had the kits we had to get tested. So I was,
I suddenly, yeah.
Think Jay Oakerson got it. He had it.
And he's claiming feels weird to be talking about people that have it. Yeah.
I know a lot of people that caught it. Yeah.
I know about nine you're like naming names like Joe McCarthy. Okay.
Oh, they're fine now. Well, I like people.
Who've had it now. Cause they have the antibodies.
They think they can like walk on fire. It's like, dude,
this thing is a brand new thing. I don't know if you want to be testing.
You know, I got a buddy of mine, uh,
ended up getting it and then he was just like, oh, I got tested.
I got the antibodies. So now I think he feels like he's Bulletproof. So.
They don't even know if you can catch it again. They don't,
they really have no idea. Well.
People are gonna find out now we're gonna find out. Yeah.
Cause when I was driving over here,
I actually got into a moderate level of traffic on the highway.
Like I've noticed it's just at some point. I mean,
considering people are just kind of doing what they want to do.
And a lot of people were after two weeks, everyone just sort of,
depending on where your ego was like, you know, go to me.
This is something I'm going to go outside those people.
They just kept it going. So now I just feel like, well,
you can't have 60% of the population go broke because less than 1% has
something. Yeah. So I don't know.
I think we're just going to just go back.
I think we're just going to go back and if you get it, you get it.
And if you die, you die. And if you don't,
you don't and then eventually they're going to get they'll get and get
something. That'll slow it down or stop it or something like that.
Here's it slows down your immune system. They don't tell you.
God thing about that.
They don't tell you how to take care of your immune system.
There's no word about that. It's put a mask on wash your hands.
No one's telling you sleep more. Drink water, take vitamins. Cause.
None of that,
I know this one guy brought up vitamin D and his big podcast and then you
couldn't find it anymore. Did you like Oprah?
When she attacked the meat industry? I just saw a clip. Oh, this guy on Rogan.
And I, of course it didn't even research. So who the guy was,
it was just like take vitamin D. I was a woman. That's such a,
how much I pay attention. And then I go, I go health, food store. It's all gone.
And there was somebody who was bootleg vitamin D was like vitamin.
D plus I'm like, what is that? What is that? I.
Know that, that that's probably going, gonna make me catch it.
So I just take vitamin C and I try to get eight hours sleep. And I I've been,
I've been doing a pretty good job of, uh, I'm pretty,
anti-social like a lot of comics. So I haven't had a problem.
Soda away from everybody.
My wife, I quarantine in my house.
Like my wife's are you guys to sit down and have dinner with us? I'm.
Always open. So I'm alone. No one can hurt me. Oh.
Just leftover childhood.
Just coming from a family alone or so feel weird.
Not doing stand up was I've been like.
Um, I did not miss it at all,
but I think that whenever there's something like painful in my life,
I think that that's what I do is I just, I just go, I don't care.
I don't give a. It's all.
I really learned a lot more about myself during this quiet
time of not running around and going to airports and kind of sitting with myself
and being like, wow,
I thought I was way further down the road working on myself than I was,
but I have a lot of childhood issues left over.
I got a, I was like, wow. Like I really.
Started like all these puzzle pieces just started coming in and I was able to
look all the way back where I was to where,
where I am now and how I got here and these little things that happen to me,
you know,
good things and bad that just sort of just knocked me down this road that I'm
on. It was just.
Sitting alone with alone time.
Yeah. Well, you know, my wife was going through, you know, the third trimester,
you know, when, you know when they're just over it and you're like, oh God,
there's six weeks ago.
I ran, you know, he'd be like, oh no.
Um, you know, I finally, you know, get my daughter to bed, get her to bed.
Everything was good. Made sure all the doors were locked.
And then I was just sorta like why, you know, all these years of doing standup,
I'm just up at that hour. So I was just sort of, you know,
sit and kind of by myself, like I.
I'm worried about a second wave of the Corona.
I'm worried about them locking things down.
Someone's going to step in and stop them from doing that. Next, next wave.
You guys gotta be proactive.
You've got to do something about people's immune systems.
You've got to lock down old people and sick people let regular people do
whatever the they want. You can't,
you can't just lock people's freedom down for something that killed a small
fraction of what you thought it was going to kill.
The whole thing is it's just creepy to have guys like mayor Garcetti,
be in charge of telling people whether or not they get to work.
Like that's not what a governor is.
Supposed to be. We'll try it.
But they they're trying to look out for your best interest in trying to get
400 million people to all pull in the same direction.
It's it's you can't get 40 comics to pull in the same direction.
So like they have like an impossible they did. And they didn't.
There was those people right the whole time.
There's been on my street, walking around no masks, you know,
not quarantining, like the people that come by the houses, you see the,
you know,
the same people that were going in and out of the house who are not part of
their family, still going in and out of the house.
I want people to walk down the street with a mask on.
Let's not start this job. Let's not start this. Okay, let's start it.
I don't want to start this. I'm not going to sit here with no medical degree,
listening to you with no medical degree,
with an American flag behind you smoking a cigar,
acting like we know what's up better than the CDC. All I do is I, listen.
I watched the news once every two weeks. I'm like, eh, masker, no mess.
Still mask. All right, mass. That's all I give a about. I don't care. But even.
They say you shouldn't wear a mask unless you're treating a coronavirus patient,
the world. Yeah. They.
Didn't say that initial. They didn't say it initially. No they didn't. They did.
And then it gradually went up and then everybody wore the masse.
This is like rollerblading, everybody roller bladed.
And then it was that one homophobic joke.
And then everybody acted like they never did it.
And then a hundred million roller blades got thrown into the ocean. We.
All wore masks. And then all of a sudden people.
Are sitting there, but you don't have the body type for it though.
You knuckles would scrape on the ground. You don't want that extra two inches.
I just love how wearing a mask became like this like soft thing that you were
doing, like being courteous, being courteous. What is it for pitches?
I was so stupid.
Matt, first of all. Oh God. You're.
So tough with your open nose and throat GI Joe and your five o'clock shadow.
This is a man right here. A man doesn't wear a mask.
Why does it always become like that? It's always like the man's were stupid.
Well.
The men do we make fun of things, anything, anything that, uh,
seems like you're not taking chances, right? We don't.
Have problem with that unless you are already wearing the mask and then you're
acting like you didn't,
then all of a sudden people watch your thing and then they all pile up. Ooh,
this wearing the mask. It's like, you were doing it two weeks ago.
I was scared out of my mind in the beginning, in the beginning,
like when the first, when,
when everybody's shutting down the beginning and people were stockpiling food,
I was convinced. I was like, Jesus, do you.
Have like nine elk in your basement? You were,
you were the one person I knew it was fine. Tom pop is making bread. Plenty.
I knew, I knew he was.
Fine. I was worried about it. I was worried about people.
I knew getting really sick and dying.
And then I was convinced that I had it at one point in time was I kind of fed
you feel like I'm breathing heavy. I felt like my breath is some,
like my breath is coming short. I did, I did.
I had like psychosomatic issues thinking about it.
Okay. I had a panic attack sitting on 12 elk.
You had a panic attack and then you felt bad about yourself.
And then you attack people with masks. That's how it works.
And that's how the hatred starts. And that's right now.
Why seven blocks to Seattle? You can't go now.
Okay. Want to go? And I'm going to drop off free food for those folks.
Those are fine protests. There.
Is a major American city. We're seven blocks that people have took over it.
And I had no idea what you were talking about. So that's great.
Anything that I say I don't watch it. I envy you at all.
[Inaudible].